## CODEBRIM license statement 

The researcher has requested permission to use the CODEBRIM meta-learning code or database at Goethe University (GU) and Frankfurt Institute for Advanced Studies (FIAS). In exchange for such permission the researcher agrees and is bound by the following terms and conditions:

1. The CODEBRIM database and meta-learning code come "AS IS". While we (GU, FIAS) have made every effort to ensure accuracy, no representations or warranties regarding the database are made. This includes but is not limited to warranties of non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose and no responsibility is accepted for errors or omissions. 
2. The researcher shall use the database and meta-learning code for non-commercial research and educational purposes only. If the researcher is employed by a for-profit, commercial entitity, the researcher's employer shall also be bound by these terms and conditions and the researcher hereby represents full authorization to enter this agreement on behalf of such employer. 
3. The researcher may not use modified versions of the dataset, code or any derivative works (such as additional annotations, trained models or anything that directly includes any of the data) to procure a commercial gain.
4. The researcher shall not distribute the database or modified versions thereof. Access to the database to fellow research associates and colleagues may be granted provided that they first agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
5. Derivative works such as additional annotations or trained models that do not directly include any of the data are permissible to be shared under the same license agreement for non-commercial and educational purposes. 
6. The researcher shall include a reference to the CODEBRIM database and its corresponding publication: "Meta-learning Convolutional Neural Architectures for Multi-target Concrete Defect Classification with the COncrete DEfect BRidge IMage Dataset; Martin Mundt, Sagnik Majumder, Sreenivas Murali, Panagiotis Panetsos and Visvanathan Ramesh; Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2019" in any work that makes use of the database or MetaQNN code. 
7. All rights not expressly granted to the researcher are reserved by us. They reserve the right to terminate the researcher's access to the database at any time.
8. Parts of the code, specifically the code for efficient neural architecture search (ENAS), are further sublicensed as they contain parts written by other authors. The corresponding parts and licensing can be found in the respective files and applies in addition to the terms and conditions found here.

